Welcome.
Hello.
Thanks for having me.
It's not that far, Massachusetts, hour and a half.
So I plan on moving here, making New Hampshire my home.
I plan on dying here, about 20 years in Connecticut
where I grew up, and then about 40 years here.
So I know time is short.
Let me get to a few things.
Before I speak about what I wanted to speak about,
let me address the epidemiological aspect
that was given testimony a few minutes ago.
So when somebody says, no backs, this aren't human trial.
OK.
Some were trialed on the most healthy people.
And there were a few people.
What he's not telling you is, were they trialed on babies?
How do we know they're safe for babies?
Were they trialed on pregnant women?
Were they trialed on people with clotting disorders?
Naltzheimer's dementia.
I'm going to get into some data that
will tell you some numbers on those in Massachusetts.
Also, flu and COVID differences, he said,
oh, there's no differences between the trials.
Well, then what is EUA for?
Emergency use authorization.
Why did it skip all the trials?
So there are differences.
So there's a disingenuous testimony that
was given prior to me.
I think he should consider.
OK.
So I'm a systems engineer.
I made my career in putting large contracts together.
So I understand various systems, not just engineering.
So I have an MBA also.
I put together the MK6LE.
That's the Mark VI guidance control system
for the Polaris nuclear missile.
It's about a billion dollars that came from that deal.
I was told not to do it.
I did it anyway.
And they pulled together Raytheon General Dynamics,
Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Honeywell,
and the prime contractor with whom I
negotiated Draper Laboratory in Cambridge, Mass.
The reason why I can understand the statistical methods
they're used is because I used to use it
against people in winning contracts.
And the methods that are being used to tell you
that these are safe and effective are, well,
I was born in Hartford.
So let me just quote somebody from Hartford,
or at least his house is there, Samuel Clemens.
They're three kinds of lies, damn lies and statistics.
And they're fooling everybody with all these.
Not everybody.
They won't fool me.
So here's some real data that I got from Massachusetts.
I have 1 million unredacted death certificates, about 500,000
from Massachusetts, 420,000 from Minnesota,
and other the balance comes from Vermont.
I'll just talk about Massachusetts for a minute.
As far as safe and effective goes.
I traversed the hierarchy of data and evidence
from the individual case.
That's a single death certificate,
all the way up through all-cause, which
is the highest level of hierarchy.
So all-cause deaths.
Yes, they were up quite a bit in Massachusetts in 2020.
But they were also up in 21 and 22.
All of a sudden, the causes of death
that were causing the excess death
shifted from a respiratory seasonal virus.
So you have pneumonia deaths, ARDS, COPD.
They were up in 2020.
Well, what happened on a year boundary
when the vaccines were introduced?
Everything shifted to blood and circulatory.
Blood and circulatory deaths.
All of a sudden started going up.
They didn't go up when COVID was around in 2020.
They all of a sudden started going up in 2021.
Cute post hemorrhagic anemia, thrombocytopenia,
cardiac arrhythmia, cardiac arrest, pulmonary embolism.
And I can tell you about the individual cases.
Cassidy Baraka from Groton, Massachusetts,
was injected in January 13.
There's a report written about her.
She reacted in five minutes, vomited for eight to 10 hours.
Cassidy died on January 18, four and a half days later.
You know what it says on her death certificate from Massachusetts?
Complications of coronavirus-19 viral infection
with no mention of the vaccine.
Those are multiple federal felonies
that the medical examiner, Stephen Schwartz,
committed on her death certificate.
Couple days ago was referred to the attorney general
of Massachusetts for criminal investigation.
That's just one.
Brianna McCarthy, oh, Groton is right on the border
of New Hampshire, by the way.
So is Methuen.
Brianna McCarthy, she reacted in hours with a headache.
She went to the ER, they said, go home.
You have a headache.
She was so bad she went to the ER again.
They said, here's some time when I'll go home.
She didn't recognize her sister.
So her family brought her in.
She had intracranial pressure.
They cut a hole in her head, did a crannyotomy.
That didn't work because the cloths were all through her head.
They kept her on life support for a while
after she had had a seizure, paralyzed in half her body.
And it's about two and a half weeks before she died.
And that was in, she was injected in March 30, 2021.
And she died on, I think, April 15.
This is the official date of death,
but she was brain dead in a few days.
I just talked to her father a few days ago.
So you would think a stroke like that that killed her
would be rare.
In fact, it says it in the summary
that six doctors from the Harvard Medical College,
Beth Israel, the Agnes Medical Center,
wrote about her that's in the neuro-hospitalist journal.
The title of which is Fatal Post-COVID mRNA Vaccine
Associated Cerebral Ischemia translated to English
means the vaccine killed her by stroke.
Every paragraph in that report says
the vaccine killed her by stroke.
In fact, it says where thrombocytopenia is frequent.
But in order to get published in a peer reviewed journal,
because the journals are all captured by pharma,
you have to write in the conclusion that's extremely rare.
They also wrote there are several reports
of several vaccines, COVID vaccines, causing these quads.
Two weeks before Brianna was injected,
Diane Dubois, 62 years old, died of acute intracranial pressure
in the setting of thrombocytopenia.
It says it in a dust certificate,
but it's not coded by the CDC.
Because the CDC, they have a software called Transax and Acne.
It automatically reads the dust certificate, the English words,
and converts it into codes.
And the codes, they're international cause of death codes,
ICD-10 codes.
Those codes are the only way that the public knows
what's going on because that's how you track data.
Nobody's reading all the words that are in the dust certificates.
Solomon Kizzetow died at 62 years old in Massachusetts
on January 16, 2021.
Idiopathic bronchod pneumonia in the setting
of thrombocytopenia in a person vaccinated recently.
So it says it, and it's coded, y59.0 viral vaccines,
T88.1, other complications from immunization elsewhere
are not classified.
The CDC, however, says that nobody died from the vaccine.
We don't have any reports.
Yeah, because they turned off the software after that.
And the next eight from Massachusetts that say,
I'll look over here because you guys are engaged with me.
Thank you.
So yeah, no.
So the others are, let's see,
reacted to the vaccine in five minutes,
didn't make it out of the clinic, dropped dead and cardiac arrest.
That was not coded by the CDC.
This is felony thorough fraud omission.
And there's a number of 18 USC 1343, 241, 242, 1035, 1040.
I could go on.
It's also murder because what I should tell you guys,
you probably already know this, as officers of the courts
in New Hampshire, you have legal duty to act on information
and belief that the public is in danger.
And knowing of this fraud, and I do have a document
called the CDC Memorandum, it'll be published once I
redact the names from certain names from Minnesota.
The other names will be in there.
You can have the official copy without name redactions.
It'll be served to the directors of the CDC FDA.
NIH, 12 of their underlings, six state attorneys general,
and perhaps Mr. Formella would like it to.
I'll be happy to drop it off.
I met with him, Representative Paul Sov and Gerard
brought me in.
I spoke with Attorney General Formella for 45 minutes.
It was supposed to be a half-an-hour meeting.
They extended the meeting.
It went pretty well.
They understood.
This was March of last year.
I showed him the likely deaths of New Hampshire residents
who died in Massachusetts hospitals.
I have all the records.
First names, middle names, last names, parents names.
When somebody from the state says this is safe and effective,
oh, no, he didn't say that.
He danced around the question.
I forgot.
He wouldn't answer your direct question.
Will he yes or no?
Please don't refer to other previous testimony just yours.
Oh, OK.
Thank you.
Sorry about that.
So this bill 319 is a good step forward.
It's very important because drugs should be tested before they're given.
I'm deaf in one ear.
I have been since I was four years old.
They gave me a shot of streptomycin and penicillin mixed together
for the Hong Kong flu.
I didn't have the flu.
They wanted to make money on a shot.
So they gave me a prophylactic of antibiotics
without me having anything.
And they found in 1968 you cannot mix streptomycin and penicillin.
It makes small kids go deaf.
So thousands of kids went deaf.
I'm lucky I have one ear since I was four.
Now, I mean, who cares about me in 59?
I'm running to the end, right?
We got kids getting injected.
I told you about Cassidy, Brianna was 30.
Oh, by the way, on Brianna's death certificate,
it doesn't say the vaccine killed her.
It said COVID killed her.
They lied again.
It's double fraud, fraud by omission, fraud of commission.
So you have to ask yourselves, are you here to support the people
or the pharma companies?
And do you have a legal duty to act for the safety
of the people of New Hampshire?
And that's what this bill does.
It acts for the safety of the people of New Hampshire.
Now, I know I only have a few minutes
and probably running to the end of your patients with me.
I do appreciate your time.
Nobody in the world has the data that I've compiled.
Kevin McCurnan is Chief Science Officer
of Medicinal Genomics, also run a human genome project at MIT.
He gave testimony at the World Council for Health.
He said there's one guy in the world who
has the data to show this.
And that's me.
Secondary malignant neoplasm of the lymph nodes,
ICD-10 code C77.9.
It's up 400% of normal in 2023 in Massachusetts.
You've heard of the term turbo cancers probably
being caused by these vaccines.
You may not know the reasons.
There's a theory behind that.
The SV40 promoter that's been found and verified
10 labs internationally, the Simeon virus, it's a plasmid.
It's a piece of protein that was found.
It's not supposed to be in there.
It's contamination.
They're shipping contaminated products
and injecting people on mass.
And it could likely cause cancers and other things.
I mean, I can tell you the whole blood system is
dysregulated from hematopoietic cells,
which lead to the creation of every type of thrombus.
I'll try to use regular words.
Platelets, red cells, white cells.
It's the basis for all of them.
When you get a dysregulation at that level,
that's why you're seeing so many different systemic problems
in the body where people say, well, it can't be from the vaccine.
There's so many different things.
No, it's really just one or two things.
But it manifests in other things
because the blood goes everywhere in your body.
So I have to end at some point.
This bill is actually the first step, and it's great.
But if anybody wants to talk to me after,
I'm willing to talk at all times.
And I have talked for four hours straight.
I did type my name into the rumble search bar.
70 videos will come up.
I've been interviewed on podcasts around the world.
I've presented to doctors and scientists around the world,
thousands of them.
And no one has refuted my findings in data
because it's just truth.
I don't do statistics.
They're not statistics.
You know, Ian was in Bellingham, 11 years old.
He got the vaccine, got a booster.
This was November of last year, the year before, sorry,
21, 22.
Anyway, he died on December 3rd.
The family donated his heart and they pulled it out.
They couldn't use it.
It was full of clots.
To not care about an 11-year-old child
and to listen to testimony like that and just not
pay attention, it's kind of blows my mind
that the people can do that.
So thank you for your time.
Thank you.
And any questions?
Any questions from the committee?
See you in then.
Not at this time.
Thank you.
We only have two speakers left.